All right welcome back my students so we're going to create a new Larabee solution for this section
here just because I want to keep things clean.
And just because I would really like to add more lectures in the future so that makes it easy to add
lectures since it's just going to be this installation for mailing.
OK.
So I was going to make it easy for you to reference your files is going to make it easier for me to
add new lectures in the future.
If you guys are requesting.
All right.
So let's create a new Larabee project.
I'm going to go and press my up arrow key and I already have this here so I just type in mail.
That's going to be the name or our application.
I'm going to describe here the 5.2 to 9 version.
You can do like I you know you don't have to do this but I will.
OK.
Just to make sure that if you are following this your project work works exactly like mine.
That would be the reason for you to follow the same version.
But remember them all is going to keep updating this.
OK.
So make sure that you create a new project set up your whole set up your virtual host restart your server
and get ready to go I'm going to pause the video.
I'm going to do it right now you're not going to see me doing it.
I want you to do it.
All right.
Get used to that.
All right some parts of the video everything should be done in my site.
Make sure that you do it in yours.
Tom Doney my side are not by your side.
I got my virtual wholesale shrine to you right now so I got this going.
Done.
OK.
As a matter of fact I'm going to change this here to save me to where we go.
All right so my virtual holes are good.
My holes are good as well.
You can see I got that IP to the mail that the Eevee array and I restarted my server and everything
should be working.
All right.
So if I go to mail DV I will go.
Make sure your stuff is working as well.
Your installation.
And I'll see you in the next lectures.
Take care.